Add support for traffic mirroring (#111)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: website/docs/r/ec2_traffic_mirror_filter.md

---
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter"
description: |-

>   Provides an Traffic mirror filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Provides a traffic mirror filter.
```

В описании также.

---

# Resource: aws_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter

Provides an Traffic mirror filter.

> Read [limits and considerations](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/mirroring/traffic-mirroring-considerations.html) for traffic mirroring

Reviewer: Ты тут по лимитам на использование ссылаешься на aws. Это ок?)

Еще мы немного иначе оформляем ссылки. Посмотри, например, в `ec2_transit_gateway.md`. Для ссылок ниже тоже поправь пожалуйста.

## Example Usage

To create a basic traffic mirror filter

```terraform
resource "aws_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter" "foo" {
  description = "traffic mirror filter - terraform example"
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `description` - (Optional, Forces new resource) A description of the filter.

> * `network_services` - (Not supported) List of amazon network services that should be mirrored. Valid values: `amazon-dns`.

Reviewer: Посмотри в соседних файлах оформление неподдерживаемых аргументов

> * `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional, Editable) Map of tags to assign to the traffic mirror filter. If a provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] is used, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.
```

считай, утвержденная формулировка ) Editable еще можно докинуть, тк параметр редактируемый

## Attribute Reference

> This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:
```

> * `arn` - The ARN of the traffic mirror filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the traffic mirror filter.
```

> * `id` - The name of the filter.

Reviewer: В это поле не id приходит, а имя?

> * `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags_all` - Map of tags assigned to the the traffic mirror filter, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags].
```

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import traffic mirror filter using the `id`. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = aws_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter.foo

>   id = "tmf-0fbb93ddf38198f64"

Reviewer: В качестве заглушки для id используется `tmf-12345678`

}
```

Using `terraform import`, import traffic mirror filter using the `id`. For example:

```console

> % terraform import aws_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter.foo tmf-0fbb93ddf38198f64

Reviewer: другой формат id

---
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
layout: "aws"

> page_title: "AWS: aws_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: "aws_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter"
```

На других страничках тоже убери, пожалуйста )

description: |-

>   Provides a traffic mirror filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Provides a traffic mirror filter.
```

---

# Resource: aws_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter

> Provides a traffic mirror filter.

Reviewer: Provides -> Manages

На всех страничках

> [traffic-mirroring]: https://docs.k2.cloud/en/services/interconnect/traffic_mirroring.html

Reviewer: Все определения ссылок перемести пожалуйста над `# Resource: ...` и отсортируй
```
[default-tags]: ...
[import]: ...
[traffic-mirroring]: ...

# Resource: aws_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter
```
На остальных страничках тоже поправь пожалуйста

Reviewer: `[traffic-mirroring]` хорошо бы еще где-нибудь использовать. Обычно формат такой:

```
Provides a traffic mirror filter. For details about traffic mirroring, see the [user documentation][traffic-mirroring].
```

на всех страничках

## Example Usage

> To create a basic traffic mirror filter

Reviewer 2: я бы вообще убрал, обычно в примерах использования обходимся без описаний, либо так:
(аналогично сделать ниже)
```suggestion
To create a basic traffic mirror filter, use:
```

```terraform
resource "aws_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter" "foo" {
  description = "traffic mirror filter - terraform example"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `description` - (Optional, Forces new) A description of the filter.

Reviewer 2: В других местах в такой формулировке, поменять везде ниже
У нас обычно (The) description (либо определенный артикль, либо без артикля.
Давайте писать без артикля, как в основном в AWS
```suggestion
* `description` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Description of the filter.
```

> * `description` - (Optional, Forces new resource) A description of the filter.

Reviewer 3: В `ec2_traffic_mirror_target.md`  написано просто `Forces new` или там добавить ресурс или тут убрать

* `tags` - (Optional, Editable) Map of tags to assign to the traffic mirror filter. If a provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] is used, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the traffic mirror filter.
* `id` - The ID of the traffic mirror filter.
* `tags_all` - Map of tags assigned to the traffic mirror filter, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags].

## Import

> In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an `import` block to import traffic mirror filter using the `id`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Terraform v1.5.0 or later, traffic mirror filter can be imported by `id` using the `import` block.
```

[import]: https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import
For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = aws_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter.foo
  id = "tmf-12345678"
}
```

> Using `terraform import`, import traffic mirror filter using the `id`. For example:

Reviewer 2: А как это связано с предыдущим -- это продолжение или противопоставление? Во втором случае здесь не надо добавить что-то вроде: 
In older Terraform versions, ...
У AWS как-то очень коряво написано
```suggestion
In older Terraform versions, the traffic mirror filter can be imported by its `id` using `terraform import`, e.g.:
```
